>> Brian Holt: So
if you're gonna move from TypeScript or
from JavaScript to TypeScript,
you need some new tools as well.
We've have been using ESLint.
And ESLint is not sufficient
to check the TypeScript.
One, ESLint is checking for things that
TypeScript is way better at doing, right?
Because if it has type information,
it can check for additional things.
So there's that and
the other thing's we want to check for
type scripts with specific things.
Like for example we don't want to be using
the any type everywhere cause that's gonna
lead to bigger problems.
So we're gonna use a new
tool called TSLint.
So come over here to your application.
I'm gonna say npm uninstall
Eslint babel-eslint
eslint-config-pretier eslint-plugin-import
eslint-plugin-js x-a1y, and
esLINT dash plugin dash react.
Basically everything we were using for
ESLINT we are going to take out now.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
we're gonna install tslint, so
we're gonna say npm install
-D tslint tslint-react and
tslint-config-prettier.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
Remove your eslint file because we're
not going to use that garbage anymore.
Just kidding.
Eslint's great but
we don't need it right now.
Go into your package.json
in your project and
where it says eslint,
all this stuff right here.
We're going to change that
to be tslint --project.
>> Brian Holt: And
then make a new file here.
And outside of the source directory,
top level of your project,
so the same level as package.json,
call it tslint.json.
In here,
we're going to put a couple of things.
Extends
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna put tslint:recommended,
>> Brian Holt: Tslint-react.
Sorry, that should not be a space,
no space there.
And tslint-config-prettier.
So, tslint, this is just a bunch of
rules that tslint recommends themselves.
Tslint react is a bunch of rules
specific for tslint and react together.
And config prettier is doing what
we were doing before with prettier,
that it's just going to turn
off all the format checking.
Lastly, let's go turn
off some other rules.
Again, I'm not a big fan
of turning off the rules.
For the most part I'm just fine to let
lint check for certain things, but
there are some that I
just could not stand.
Ordered imports, I don't care if things
are alphabetized ever, so false.
Object-literal-sort-key.
I don't know who thought
this was a good idea,
but it makes you put all your keys and
objects in alphabetical order.
It's just a little too,
yeah, I'm not gonna do it.
Interface-name, this one forces you to
call interfaces with certain names,
>> Brian Holt: Not good anyway.
Member-ordering, it's again, some sort of
forcing things to be in certain orders.
And no console because we do use
console a couple of places in here so.
>> Brian Holt: So false there.
So turn off a bunch of rules and you're
welcome, cuz these are extremely annoying.
>> Brian Holt: So now that we have that,
let's go make sure that if
we say npm run lint that it
works the way that we expect it
to
>> Brian Holt: That
was one thing I forgot to do.
Package.js on here.
I think you have to save project.,
did I miss that?
Yeah, so sorry.
Here in lint on line nine.
Lint:tslint--project.
You need to tell it where the project is.
And the project is in the same
directory that tslin exists in.
So now if you say mpm
run lint should work.
We have no errors because we
have one typescript file,
it's only going to check typescript files.
But since we already did that one
correctly, we're golden on that.